if you go down in the woods today you're
sure of a big surprise if you go down in
the woods today you'd better go in
disguise for every bear that ever there
was will gather there for a certain
because today's the day the teddy bears
have their picnic picnic time for teddy
bears the little teddy bears are having
a lovely time today watch them catch
them unawares and see them picnic on
their holiday see them gaily gadabout
they love to play and shout they never
have any cares at six o'clock their
mommies and daddies will take them home
to bed because they're tired little
teddy bears every teddy bear who's been
good is sure of a treat today there's
lots of marvellous things to eat and
wonderful games to play beneath the
trees where nobody sees the
hide-and-seek as long as they please
that that's the way the teddy bears have
their picnic picnic time for teddy bears
the little teddy bears are having a
lovely time today watch them catch them
unawares and see them picnic on their
holiday see them gaily gadabout they
love to play and shout they never have
any cares at six o'clock their mummies
and daddies will take them home to bed
because their tired little teddy bears
if you go down in the woods today you'd
better not go alone it's lovely down in
the woods today but safer to stay at
home for every bear that ever there was
will gather there for certain because
today's the day the teddy bears have
their Pig
picnic